Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 4.2.0 (#3982)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1023-2-0-enabled-permission-based-read-only-state-in-properties-library-forms-ctm-2441-2539.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Enabled permission based read only state in Properties Library Forms. [CTM-2441] (#2539)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Users with read-only permissions can view the property details in Properties library plugin"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2441"
version: "1023.2.0"
---

> Enabled permission based read only state in Properties Library Forms.

Reviewer: @spau6 , please rewrite the description suitable for changelogs

> Enabled permission based read only state in Properties Library Forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, users without the **Digital twin definitions** permission were limited to viewing only the list of properties in the Property Library plugin. With this enhancement, such users can now access property details in a read-only mode.
```
